This adventure takes place in the Kingdom of Eventuride.  Eventuride is a fantsay kingdom set in a world of heros and magic,
containing great treasures and ferocious beasts.

The kingdom lies between the Great Sea to the south and the tall Mountains of Might to the north.  Between the two lies the vast Eldor Forest,
which is rumored to hide many secrets.  The mighty Trane River runs south from the mountains to the sea, dividng the kingdom roughly in half.
At the mouth of the river is the great capital city of Doon, a bustling seaside metropolis flanked by a great palace just northwest of the city.
The King's Road leads north by northwest away from the city through the more populared western half of the Kingdom.  Fishing villages dot the coast
which extends west and south of the capital.

To the east the coast becomes more rugged and the roads are less traveled.  A few small towns lie along the coast, connected to the capital by
simple roads, but beyond that lies the Wild Coast.  To the Northeast of Doon the forest becomes dense, tangled, and more difficult to traverse,
with few roads.

The Old Road leads up the Trane River, staying close to the West Bank.  Farmsteads and the occasional small town can be found along this road, along
with the occasional bridge crossing the river.

A full two Week's journey north of Doon along the Old Road stands old Riverton, and old town at the edge of the foothills of the mountains
which spans the river at its northernmost crossing.  North of here the river becomes much more rugged as it flows through the foothills.
The road crosses the bridge and heads northeast into the forest which becomes hillier as the road continues toward the north.
A couple days further is the Town of Eldoria, the jewel of the forest.  This is a popular stop for adventurers seeking their
fortune in the deep forest and the northen mountains and rumors abount of mysterious ruins and fabulous treasure deep in the
forest beyond.

You begin your adventure on the Old Road, just outside the town of Eldoria.
It is late evening, one hour before sunset, on a crisp autumn day.
For the purposes of determining seasons and length of the day, we'll consider Eldoria to be at about 45 degrees north latitude.

